Named entities are typically noun phrases that
refer to some specific object, person, or place.
You can use the ne_chunk function to label named entities in text.
Note that you have to first tokenize and tag parts of speech.
This is a very simple example,
but notice how the different entity types are also recognized: person,
organization, and GPE, which stands for geopolitical entity.
Also note how it identified the two words,
Udacity and Inc, together as a single entity.
Out in the wild, performance is not always
great but training on a large corpus definitely helps.
Named entity recognition is often used to index and search for news articles,
for example, on companies of interest.